SOFTWARE-6014: Add info blurb about contacting support to several documentation pages (#202)
osg-htc/docs: docs/compute-element/hosted-ce.md

Requesting an OSG Hosted CE
===========================

> !!! info "For assistance starting a new OSG integration, please reach out to support@osg-htc.org"
> 

Reviewer: Check out some of the other admonitions that we use: you'll want a summary title + explanatory body. Maybe something like the following if it reads ok to you:

```suggestion
!!! info "Schedule a consultation"
    To ensure that we can meet your research computing goals needs, please contact us at <support@osg-htc.org> to schedule a consultation.
```
